all right so now we got Filipino champ
so talk to me guys stream guys hit those
once it goes to black Homburg
so who's who on here one is uh Justin
Wanda - it's gonna feel champ there you
go
and chances this is gonna be so awesome
but these matches oh my goodness you
couldn't there's no floor there's no
flop there's no there's no pools you
know it's just all killing matches it's
all kill exactly and just someone gonna
get rid of magneto first yes he is he I
don't like it when he plays this Frank
West team I feel like this team just is
not meant for him
boy he he likes his team against champ
and the streammonsters degree that this
is definitely in Justin's favor all
right here we go Filipino champ on the
move gonna get those up to four and a
half bars TAC broken chance making him
shoot the wrong way
you see Justin sustained right under uh
wants to keep the pressure on and keep
them in that corner nice kick here we go
y'all look at that it's a little fuzzy
yeah relentless home and for you guys
wondering what pussy garden means
basically uh when you're tapping when
you're in a block sling and you tap down
on the joystick the game will give you a
down card at the first act of opening
it'll give you a down guard but your
characters remaining and standing
exactly so what that does that lengthens
your characters hitbox so we're jumping
attacks immediately off the ground will
still hit you so it creates this
situation where you're blocking low and
getting opened up by a jumping attack
because your character was forced in the
standing position so white is formative
and that's why entries here to help me
cuz I'm the color commentary and he is
the technical pump sorry oh that was so
hot it's kind of a misused term because
that's not actually what fuzzy guard is
but we use it that way in Street Fighter
and Willow fuzzy guys kind of what you
refer to a Virtua Fighter where you
wiggle the stick from like down
back to walk certain attacks but we just
kind of used it wrong and then just ran
with it for years
so but it's okay okay well thank you for
clarifying that
all right I will never use it again yeah
you will everybody does moving forward
that was a instant over him there he
goes
Oh - Bell I don't know what he didn't
use the super yeah I don't know why it
is easier there's no reason not to
yeah defend you with you have the role
you can do the up grab super right
that's level see if you're shining card
doesn't even matter you can do whatever
you want you need level three with Frank
to get the up sub yep oh you need level
three that's why
okay so champ wins that first game
Phoenix didn't even have to you know do
the stand probably gonna switch back to
storm
no decides what the team wants play I'm
still not sure why
all right I think Justin just likes it
better something about it versus Phoenix
I guess you know he just likes to lock
down but it's just so weird because
Justin wasn't even try to level up Frank
at home yeah I mean it's just the part
this is their whoa
and champ using that rocks assist which
is a really good first saw at Wolverine
oh yeah just keep him out now and then
you know throw the rocks at the other
assist pretty good this is what champ is
gonna be doing staying in the air when
he comes down you might seem come down
medium kicks and somebody talks about a
lot neo is actually one of the first
players I'll see do it a lot flies up in
the air when he comes down to beat all
the stand chaps in the game jump medium
kicker Magneto
oh it beats the chef yeah Wow I've never
seen that oh this is looking like it is
in Jeff's favor right now he's about to
get all kinds of feeder hey see if it
doesn't he just they can get some TC go
for reset I would just pepper
that's smart I would temp this cuz we're
in is a problem that's true yeah I miss
I miss life with TAC on all day because
he cares Wow got the mix-up right there
just too much oh oh oh here we go
Oh what you doing why would you give
that up well it doesn't really matter it
doesn't really matter because he already
had about five bars
chef farmerie was hovering on five yeah
happy birthday which doesn't give you
Dark Phoenix pastors still I mean now
you don't even know if you're gonna see
Dark Phoenix you might die before she
comes out it's just got to make stuff
alright alright I like it now yeah I was
like in the way it was flowing here
super up I hope that uh
ken's all right well yes level 3 anyways
dashboard up crap oh oh got a hit that's
bad news you might expect her kill
Spencer right here no job in combo
missing the teleport I mean the don't
see missing yeah that the down so
nothing too crazy oh just a raw teleport
caught him slipping right there picks
them up not even gonna x-factor anything
let me just run it out only does fine
fine okay
28 seconds on the clock might as well I
love that mix-up so yeah that one's so
dirty no need to even see dark Phoenix
to 2-0 chant over Justin Wang this is
not a match that I thought Justin wanted
to see I don't think he well I think he
really wanted to be Chris you know yes
exactly
you don't you don't want to go to the
loser's bracket with these sharp I mean
you know losers not gonna face a champ
cuz you lost
like that's just that sounds like a song
soon yes what why did he snap in Google
he snapped in Iran character oh my
goodness that is a bad bad mistake it's
a waste of our waste of time waste of
positioning everything oh my goodness
and do is a problem whom is a problem in
terms of your character no he's snapping
Bengazi
just gonna take care of them you know I
would I would do the bean super dope TAC
I would kill it me up just get rid of
hopefully that's the trouble character
you know as he agrees with you Wolverine
just too important that's like memo's
Nova just do that what it takes opener
yeah the opener
the problem is when you fight your team
like champs
there's no opener there's an ender and
that's it oh okay now it's looking bad
if you could get this kill right here
then there's nothing frank luntz can do
yeah you can get this pill it's over
it's level three I don't think it is
ever even need it yeah and then tip
second a lot of today and everybody is
quiet in here just dominate what I mean
there wasn't competitive at all Tampa's
gonna finish this with a gravity scene
and Justin already standing up over its
got three level one after camp is not
moving okay Filipino champ dominating
fashion Filipino Chapman Fez was the top
scorer and justin wong taking in i don't
know if he ever really votes were 90
percent in justin's favor but that's
crazy
thanks i guess a began